1、Acting as if nothing borne in mind is the best revenge.It's all for myself to live better.
若无其事，原来是最好的报复。生活得更好，是为了自己。

2、Every day may not be good…but there's something good in every day.
并不是每一天都是好日子，但每一天一定会有些好事会发生。

3、Happiness is about having each tiny wish come ture.
幸福是每一个微小愿望的达成。

4、Happiness is to find someone who can give you warm and share your life together.
幸福，就是找一个温暖的人过一辈子
。
5、A woman has got to love a bad man once or twice in her life to be thankful for a good one.
一生中，女人总会爱过一两次坏蛋，才会珍惜那个对的人。

6、Emotion is the innate weakness of human.
情感是人类的本质弱点。

7、Don't argue with me, every word comes out of your mouth would be the solid evidence of hurting me.
你不要和我吵，你的每一字，每一句，都会成为伤害我的呈堂证供！

8、Dream is like underwear.Although you have it,you can not show it to everyone you meet.
理想就像内裤，虽然你有，但是你不能逢人就证明你有。

9、A woman who truly loves you will be angry at you for many things, but will stick around.
如果一个女人真的爱你，她会因为很多事情对你发脾气，却始终坚守在你身边。

10、He doesn't even know I exist.
他甚至，都不知道我的存在。

11、Don't waste your time on a man,who isn't willing to waste their time on you.
不要为那些不愿在你身上花费时间的人而浪费你的时间。

12、Create good memories today, so that you can have a good past。
今天创造出一份美好记忆，明天就能拥有一段美好回忆。

13、A successful relationship requires fall in love many times, always with the the same person.
一段成功的恋情，就是一次次的堕入爱河，与同一个人。

14、Being single doesn't mean that you don't know anything about love.
单身，并不意味着你不懂爱情。

15、Before I met you I never knew what it was like; to look at someone and smile for no reason。
没有遇到你之前，我从来没想到自己会这样，毫无缘由的对着一个人傻笑。

16、I am on my way to future, where you are there.
我要去有你的未来。

17、Buried city, to shut all lights.
埋下一座城，关了所有灯。

18、actions speak louder than words.
行动比语言更响亮。

19、Active long will be very tired, care about for a long time will crash!
主动久了会很累， 在乎久了会崩溃！

20、Coffee is lonely without cups just as I am lonely without you.
没有杯子……咖啡是寂寞的……没有你……我是孤独的……

21、Distance could make you forget about them, but the memories would always be there.
距离会让你遗忘，但是回忆却会永驻。

22、Everbody will make mistakes, that's why they put erasers on the end of pencils.
每个人都会犯错，这就是为什么把橡皮擦安在铅笔后面的原因。

23、Don't be so hard on yourself.
别对自己太苛刻了。

24、If you really love me, then why do I see is to breed.
倘若你真的爱我，那么为什么我看到的只是繁衍。

25、Dream most deep place, only then the smile is not tired.
梦的最深处，只有微笑不累。

26、I never wanted to be your whole life. Just your favorite part.
我从来就没想过要成为你的全部。我只想做你最喜爱的那一个部分。

27、However long the night, the dawn will break.
管黑夜有多长，天亮总会到来。

28、I don't know where I am going, but I am on my way.
我不知将去何方，但我已在路上。

29、Can't sleep at night. Can't get up in the morning.
晚上睡不着，早上起不来。

30、Every thing is gonna be alright.
一切都会好起来的。

31、Don't try so hard, the best things come when you least expect them to.
不要着急，最好的总会在最不经意的时候出现。

32、Don't give up the things that belong to you and keep those lost things in memory.
属于自己的，不要放弃；已经失去的，留作回忆。

33、Age wrinkles the body. Quitting wrinkles the soul.
岁月使皮肤起皱，放弃使灵魂起皱。

34、Every story has an ending.but in life, every end is a new beginning.
每段故事都有一个结局。但是在人的一生中，每一个终点同时也是一个新的起点。

35、I don't give a shit on your care the least about me.
我不在乎你对我的不在乎。

36、Everybody dies, but not everybody lives.
人人最后都会死，但非人人都曾活过。

37、Every hour of lost time is a chance of future misfortune.
一寸光阴一寸金，寸金难买寸光阴。

38、All endings are beginnings, we just don&#39;t know it at the time.-Mitch Albom.
所有的结局都是新的开始，只是当时不知道。

39、If the relationship doesn't make you a better person, then you are with the wrong one.

如果一段感情，没有把你变成更好的人，那么很遗憾你跟错了人。

40、Don't realize too much which will let you down.
不要知道得太多，会难过。

41、Blessed is he whose fame does not outshine his truth.
有福之人，是因为他的真实比他的名誉更耀眼。

42、He who has ability to be such a naughty guy and can be stronger more as well.
有本事任性的人，也会有本事坚强。

43、Do not, for one repulse, forgot the purpose that you resolved to effort.
不要只因一次挫败，就忘记你原先决定想达到的远方。

44、Destiny determines who comes into our lives but it's the heart that decides who stays inside.
命运决定谁会进入我们的生活，内心决定我们与谁并肩。

45、I understand you have called content, and you don&#39;t understand is th.
我懂有你叫知足，而你却不懂有我叫珍惜。

46、A true friend is someone who accepts your past, supports your present and encourages your future.
真正的朋友会接受你的过去，力挺你的现在，鼓舞你的将来。

47、Blessedness is of comparative degree,you will feel it with more ease when there is something under you.
幸福是个比较级，要有东西垫底才容易感觉到。